The work that I tend to do on a typical day actually depends on whether
I'm deployed or not deployed. So, on deployment, then you pretty much
are working the whole day and it's broken up into chunks. The first
part of the day is just getting together, talking about how the
rest of the day is going to be, do work orders. We write about the things
that we should be doing for, maybe the next week or the next couple
of hours or something like that. So the next chunk is we actually
go and perform the work. So that's about another three or four hours.
The next chunk is we get back and we start doing training, so
we make sure that we're ready for casualties that happen, if there's
a fire, if there's a flood. Then that's about the time that you get
off work and you have a couple of hours just to kind of relax and hang
out but later on at night, then you do this thing called General
Quarters which means that you come back and the whole ship pretends
like there is a big casualty happened to the entire ship. So your days
can go into the night. When you are not deployed and you're stationed,
you know, stateside, then your days are a lot easier. You have
one part of, you know, training what we want to do later on. You have
another part of training where you just open up a book and review
some electronics or nuclear power things and then you have a small
part where you are just doing preventive maintenance, which means that
you're working on a pump, make sure that's fine, opening up regulators,
making sure you know, nothing's inside and putting new equipment
on the ship.